Now that we've looked at the architecture
of the internet, let's see how you might
connect your personal devices to
the internet inside your house.
Well there are many ways to
connect to the internet, and
most often people connect wirelessly.
Let's look at an example of how
you can connect to the internet.
If you live in a city or a town,
you probably have a coaxial cable for
cable Internet, or a phone line if you
have DSL, running to the outside of
your house, that connects you to
the Internet Service Provider, or ISP.
If you live far out in the country,
you'll more likely have
a dish outside your house, connecting
you wirelessly to your closest ISP, or
you might also use the telephone system.
Whether a wire comes straight from
the ISP hookup outside your house, or
it travels over radio
waves from your roof,
the first stop a wire will make once
inside your house, is at your modem.
A modem is what connects the internet
to your network at home.
A few common residential modems are DSL or